junior
I hope you don't let me down.
I'll go to the hospital for a check-up.
I don't know if I can still check it out.
Are you there? Is the inspection report out?
According to the report
Inside you
There are indeed unconscious drug residues
But the more dangerous it is to take it alone
But it works under the influence of alcohol
Well, if that's the case
Can a substantive relationship still take place?
Well, I'm talking about passively.
That can't be in response to drugs
The human body is always in a state of leisure
Even external stimuli are impossible
All right. Thank you for coming, doctor.
Looks like I have to go to the royal family